---
title: Terms of Service
slug: legal/terms-of-service
---


**Version 1.0**

**Last revised on: January 27^th^, 2024**

If you signed a separate Cover Page to access the Product with the same
account, and that agreement has not ended, the terms below do not apply
to you. Instead, your separate Cover Page applies to your use of the
Product.

This Agreement is between Zep Software, Inc. and the company or person
accessing or using the Product. This Agreement consists of: (1) the
Order Form and (2) the Key Terms, both of which are on the Cover Page
below, and (3) the Common Paper [Cloud Service Agreement Standard Terms
Version 1.1](https://commonpaper.com/standards/cloud-service-agreement/1.1/)
("Standard Terms"). Any modifications to the Standard Terms made in the
Cover Page will control over conflicts with the Standard Terms.
Capitalized words have the meanings or descriptions given in the Cover
Page or the Standard Terms.

If you are accessing or using the Product on behalf of your company, you represent that you
are authorized to accept this Agreement ÃŸon behalf of your company. By
signing up, accessing, or using the Product, Customer indicates its
acceptance of this Agreement and agrees to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

Cover Page

_Order Form_

**Cloud Service:** Zep is a cloud-based platform-as-a-service that
offers fast, scalable, privacy-compliant building blocks for Generative
AI apps.

**Subscription Start Date:** The Effective Date

**Subscription Period:** 1 month(s)

**Non-Renewal Notice Period:** At least 30 days before the end of the
current Subscription Period.

**Cloud Service Fees:**

Section 5.2 of the Standard Terms is replaced with: Certain parts of the
Product have different pricing plans, which are available at Provider's
[pricing page](/service-plans). Within the Payment
Period, Customer will pay Provider fees based on the Product tier
selected at the time of account creation and Customer's usage per
Subscription Period. Provider may update Product pricing by giving at
least 30 days notice to Customer (including by email or notification
within the Product), and the change will apply in the next Subscription
Period.

**Payment Period:** 5 day(s) from the last day of the Subscription
Period

**Invoice Period:** Monthly

_Key Terms_

**Customer:** The company or person who accesses or uses the Product. If
the person accepting this Agreement is doing so on behalf of a company,
all use of the word \"Customer\" in the Agreement will mean that
company.

**Provider:** Zep Software, Inc.

**Effective Date:** The date Customer first accepts this Agreement.

**Covered Claims:**

**Provider Covered Claims:** Any action, proceeding, or claim that the
Cloud Service, when used by Customer according to the terms of the
Agreement, violates, misappropriates, or otherwise infringes upon anyone
else's intellectual property or other proprietary rights.

**Customer Covered Claims:** Any action, proceeding, or claim that (1)
the Customer Content, when used according to the terms of the Agreement,
violates, misappropriates, or otherwise infringes upon anyone else's
intellectual property or other proprietary rights; or (2) results from
Customer's breach or alleged breach of Section 2.1 (Restrictions on
Customer).

**General Cap Amount:**

The fees paid or payable by Customer to provider in the 12 month period
immediately before the claim

**Governing Law:** The laws of the State of Delaware

**Chosen Courts:** The state or federal courts located in Delaware

**Notice Address:**

For Provider: notices@getzep.com

For Customer: The main email address on Customer's account

_Changes to the Standard Terms_

**Publicity Rights:** Modifying Section 14.7 of the Standard Terms,
Provider may identify Customer and use Customer's logo and trademarks on
Provider's website and in marketing materials to identify Customer as a
user of the Product. Customer hereby grants Provider a non-exclusive,
royalty-free license to do so in connection with any marketing,
promotion, or advertising of Provider or the Product during the length
of the Agreement.
