# General rule for everything
* @dsinghvi

# Specific rules for fern/
fern/docs.yml @chdeskur
fern/pages/* @chdeskur

# Specific rules for generators
generators/go/* @amckinney
generators/go-v2/* @amckinney
generators/php/* @amckinney
generators/commons/* @amckinney
generators/csharp/* @Swimburger
generators/typescript/* @Swimburger
generators/java/* @dsinghvi
generators/python/* @dsinghvi
generators/python-v2/* @dsinghvi
generators/ruby/* @dsinghvi
generators/swift/* @dsinghvi
generators/postman/* @dsinghvi
generators/openapi/* @dsinghvi

# Specific rules for packages
packages/cli/* @amckinney
packages/cli/api-importers/* @eyw520
packages/cli/docs-importers/* @eyw520
packages/generators/cli/* @dsinghvi
packages/generators/docker/* @dsinghvi
