---
title: Showcase
description: Companies who build with Fern
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

## Raven

Raven is an API to manage notifications across SMS, Email, Push, Slack, and WhatsApp. They connect 40+ providers into a unified API.

“Our customers asked for a Node and Java SDK. We picked Fern because we can focus our engineering time on adding new integrations rather than maintaining client libraries."
- Sriyansh Srivastava, CTO of Raven

### Problem

Raven wanted to offer client SDKs to decrease their customer's `time to integration`. They evaluated using openapi-generators, but were disappointed with the low quality code. They considered hand-writing SDKs, but didn't want the ongoing maintenance; especially in languages like Python that the team is less familiar with.

### Outcome

Raven uses Fern to:

- Offer a [Node.js SDK](https://github.com/ravenappdev/raven-node)
- Offer a [Java SDK](https://github.com/ravenappdev/raven-java)
- Sync their [Postman collection](https://github.com/ravenappdev/raven-postman)
- Update their [API docs](https://docs.ravenapp.dev/introduction)  with their latest [OpenAPI description](https://github.com/ravenappdev/raven-openapi)

Tech stack: Java Spring Boot (backend), TypeScript (frontend)
Website: raven.dev
YC: ycombinator.com/companies/raven

## Candid Health

Candid Health automates insurance billing for healthcare providers. Companies use Candid API to submit insurance claims and get paid. As a scaling business, their API surface area is frequently expanded.

### Problem

1. **Schema-first API development**: as an API company, technical and non-technical team members collaborate on API design. Their code-first approach in FastAPI excluded PMs and UX Designers from participating. In order to be schema-first, they needed to generate server interfaces for each endpoint.
1. **Offering idiomatic SDKs**: their plan was to manually write their SDKs because they couldn't find a codegen solution that was idiomatic.

### Outcome

Candid practices schema-first API design. When a new endpoint is suggested, anyone can participate in suggesting changes before a single line of code is written.

- Backend: With compile-time errors in FastAPI, Candid ensures that they're serving the API they promise. All they have to do is implement the server interfaces generated by Fern.
- Client SDKs: Candid offers a Node.js, Java, and Python SDK to developers, removing friction from getting started.

Tech stack: Python FastAPI (backend), TypeScript (frontend)
Website: joincandidhealth.com
YC: ycombinator.com/companies/candid-health