# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v53.2.0] - 2024-07-30

- Improvement: The IR now contains an `extendedProperties` field where all properties from extended types are denormalized. This removes logic
  that generator authors were consistently reimplementing.

## [v53.1.0] - 2024-07-30

- Improvement: The IR now contains the API Definition ID such that the generators may specify this ID when uploading snippet templates. This is necessary for resolving union snippets.

## [v53.0.0] - 2024-07-30

- Feature: Add `float` and `bytes` primitive types.
- Feature: Add a `PrimitiveTypeV2` variant for every `PrimitiveTypeV1`.

## [v52.0.0] - 2024-07-23

- Feature: Add `uint` and `uint64` primitive types.
- Feature: Add support for default enum values.
- Feature: Add support for in-lined type references (e.g. enums).

## [v51.0.0] - 2024-07-18

- Improvement: Add `TypeReference`s to `ExampleContainer` types, especially helpful in the case of empty container
  examples.
- Improvement: The `TypeDeclaration` type now has `userDefinedExamples` in place of the previous `example` field. It
  also now has an `autogeneratedExamples` field that will be populated with autogenerated examples in a future PR.

## [v50.2.0] - 2024-07-16

- Feature: Add `ApiVersionScheme`, which is used to model API version headers as an top-level enum.

## [v50.1.0] - 2024-07-16

- No changes.

## [v50.0.0] - 2024-06-20

- Improvement: add PrimitiveType V2 for Boolean, Long and Big Int types, allowing for default values to be specified

## [v49.0.0] - 2024-06-20

- Feature: Support generating code with `stream` param for endpoints like chat completion.

## [v48.1.0] - 2024-06-20

- Feature: Add an optional `introduction` field to the `ReadmeConfig`, which is configurable
  in the user's `generators.yml`.

## [v48.0.0] - 2024-06-17

- Fix: The unique webhook id is now required.
- Improvement: Pagination endpoints now support request body properties.
- Improvement: Offset pagination now supports a configurable `step` size request property, which
  is useful for offset values that represent the element's global index (e.g. the 500th element),
  rather than the page number (e.g the 5th page).

## [v47.1.0] - 2024-06-09

- Fix: Introduce a unique id for all generated webhooks. This is being added as optional but should
  be made required in v48.

## [v47.0.0] - 2024-06-09

- Feature: Introduce `autogeneratedExamples` and `userProvidedExamples` fields on the HTTPEndpoint. In the
  `userProvidedExample` its now possible for the user to only provide code samples and no structured
  example with input and output.

  Generators should opt to use the code sample provided from the user if that is the case.

## [v46.2.0] - 2024-06-09

- Feature: Add support for webhook examples.

## [v46.1.1] - 2024-06-09

- Fix: Generate the Python SDK for IR using just pydantic v1

## [v46] - 2024-06-04

- Feature: Add support for README.md configuration.

## [v45] - 2024-05-15

- Feature: Support `bigint` primitive types.
- Feature: Add support for default values and validation rules.

## [v44] - 2024-05-10

- Improvement: Support stream and server-sent event response examples.

## [v43] - 2024-05-08

- Improvement: Support custom status codes for success respones.

## [v42] - 2024-05-07

- Improvement: Update OAuth customizability (e.g. configurable `clientId` property).

## [v41] - 2024-05-07

- Feature: Add error examples.

## [v40] - 2024-04-23

- Feature: Add support for extra properties on objects and in-lined requests.

## [v39] - 2024-04-19

- Feature: Add support for OAuth client credentials flow.

## [v38] - 2024-04-17

- Feature: Add support for Server-Sent-Events to Streaming HTTP Responses
  Read more about SSE here: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events.
